The biggest challenge for me
and my family has been illness,
not having enough money
to pay for the treatment we need.
Each week I have to save up enough money
just to feed my family.
We were deeply saddened by our situation.
First, it was a challenge
for us to make ends meet
because I didn’t have a regular job.
I also worried
about how my children would suffer
if we did not have
sufficient food and other material needs.
I began to think
that moving to another country
was the only way
to provide for my family.
As 1 Timothy 5:8 says,
it is my responsibility to support them.
What kept me from moving to another country
is my love for Jehovah and for my family.
As Philippians 1:10 says,
we should “make sure
of the more important things,”
and for my family,
our spirituality is very important.
The fine advice of an elder strengthened me.
He asked,
“Does Jehovah only shower blessings abroad?”
I remember what he said.
From then on,
I realized
that the most important thing in life
is our spirituality,
not the material things
that we can get from this world,
for it will also vanish.
A great blessing
has been keeping our family united
and happy despite our difficult situation.
I serve as a ministerial servant
and an auxiliary pioneer.
My daughter, Fátima, is a regular pioneer.
Without a doubt, Jehovah blesses our efforts.
Giving makes me happy.
Other brothers and sisters
go through times of need just as we do.
Thinking of this helps me to focus,
not on my problems,
but rather on our brotherhood and Jehovah.
I am deeply convinced
that we made the right decision as a family.
And now we are very happy
despite having little materially
because I feel content.
They say:
If you are content, you are rich.
And the scripture says
it is “Jehovah that makes one rich,
and He adds no pain with it.”